Serena Williams is one of the most
dominating female tennis players of all
time and it's been quite a challenge to
build a shoe that keeps up with her
level of play but in realizing that
she's such a powerful player we're able
to offer some Nike innovations and
technologies that help we feel help
benefit and make sure play even better
so for her we've got our air max
Mirabella 3 we're offering a nike air
max technology in the heel which again
offers the most cushioning technology
out of everything then I guess offer
really protects against those he lunges
and those sprints the net where she puts
away the ball yeah one of the key
features that serena has asked for us
for her upcoming footwear was how do you
make it even more breathable and lighter
she's been playing some long sets and
some tournaments and she wanted just a
more of a medieval environment for
Footwear so we've incorporated more mesh
based on her requests and we feel that
this provides the breed was looking for
but yet reinforced it with the support
where she needs primarily in the
forefoot as well as the heel we bring
wicking materials into the interior of
the footwear which keeps it as dry and
as comfortable as possible one of
Serena's favorite shoes of all time has
been the Nike Air Force One and she
really likes that sort of street street
shoe look and so she wanted us to bring
some of those design cues back into her
personal shoe for 2011 I think it's a
great blend of bringing some iconic
tennis heritage but also bring some some
new street design language into it as
well the outsole is one of the key
features of this shoe realizing that
when you're playing in hot temperatures
such as you find Australia or a hard
core services which is super gritty
you're looking for very durable material
nike offers xtr which stands for extra
durable rubber it's one of the most
durable compounds out in the industry
today and it's going to provide that
long lasting durability tennis players
need
really the story for Serena and
australian open as we started talking
about the classics classic tennis
classic films classic movie stars Serena
is a big fan of Marilyn Monroe and as a
bit of a play on words we started around
Australian Open and some like it hot so
the dress again is predominantly white
or making a statement with the color
white and then at the bottom hem you'll
see there's a nod to Melbourne into the
court color she also prefers a bit of
blue and her garments so we added that
to the bottom skirt there the top you'll
see is constructed all of dry fit
breathable mesh we also have a deep v
here at the back again for less less
fabric touching the body and then a bit
of a fitted cap sleeve on the top we
work hard to make sure that we're
bringing the highest level of innovation
into these products for these elite
athletes and we'd like to think that
those innovations will also apply to
every tennis player horrifying